an electric sports car from Dodge may
still be in the pipeline but who's
building it will have more also Porsche
gets the nod from a very important
German magazine there's new word on a
honda sports car and what happened to
this guy's transmission I'm Derek D any
watch fast lane daily hump day what a
difference a few billion in government
cash and a hot italian girlfriend makes
trust me i would know no i don't but
yesterday it seemed chrysler was doing
little more than circling the drain now
it's all smiles and hugs from the fiat
own detroit brand now car and driver
reports a car Europeans know as the
lotus europa could show up in chrysler
dealerships by early next decade it's
the dodge circuit where it is the
all-electric sports car is still in the
chrysler pipeline and could hit
production as early as 2010 CMT reports
crisis plan will see the circuit built
by lotus than sent across the pond we
will be fitted with crisis all electric
power plant move would be part of a plan
to sell a hundred thousand v's a year
with the circuit expected to be the
company's first one to market being part
of a wide lineup of electrics means the
circuit could show up thousands of
dollars less then its closest competitor
the lotus elise based tesla roadster no
official word yet from Chrysler but
Annie says hey I don't know that in Long
Beach it is illegal to curse on a mini
golf course really I did not know that
look at that you learn something new
every day Thank You Annie so if i go
there and I'm like oh that won't work
alright you don't even do that it's just
more like a putt okay I'm gonna keep
going and it's official Germany's sport
auto magazine has put its stamp of
approval on the recent claim by Borgia
that it's panamera turbo is the quickest
sedan around the Nurburgring by Porsche
I meant I'm sorry sport auto is best
known as the independent keeper of
Nurburgring lap times that means the
Panamera turbos time of seven minutes 56
seconds officially puts it ahead of the
Cadillac cts-v which last year did the
ring in
seven minutes 59 point three seconds
behind the wheel of the Panamera was
master wheelman in World Rally champ
Rahl it's felt like this with a own lap
over the oh no we're know whether
Cadillac is planning a rematch or if Jim
plans to hire a ringer to try and beat
mr. rolls time yeah good luck God and a
word to the sport compact kids mind the
rev limiter that's the lesson this guy
learned when he left the transmission
from his old school mitsubishi colt on
the highway at 120 miles per hour it's
fast he says before taking the 520
horsepower colt on a straight line run
that ended in the clutch rolling past
seriously it rolled right past him
luckily no one was injured but as the
guys friend says in the video that
tranny swap you've been wanting to do it
just got a little easier thanks Jalopnik
and remember send in your tranny
dropping videos or anything else to tips
at fast lane daily com I like what you
did there yeah next up there's more on
Honda's NSX replacement here's a hint
don't call it an nsx coming up right
after this twitter facebook you to send
in your videos everybody all right
anything that's correlated you know you
see some you know test mule film it and
send it in take a video of you talking
about your car and you know some
modification stuff dividend or something
here to the news send it in send your
videos tips advanced enjoy calm or just
make it on YouTube set as the link for
watching you can often put it alright
thanks
you
vasna delhi calm you could be the
editor-in-chief you just go to fasten
telecom / feed submit your stories also
run tumblr out do that that lends tumblr
daily com go there and you could catch
up on the production also for you
twittering folk twitter.com / fast lane
daily go there and you know we keep you
up to date like up-to-the-minute stop
what we're doing so go check that out
right putt like that like a putt not a
big drives yeah we're rolling we're
rolling oh we're all okay yesterday we
reported on the latest word from honda
on a possible nsx replacement today
there's new word on what Honda might be
cooking up its secret lab on the island
of vtec Japanese car fan sites seven
tune says the NSX replacement project is
going forward only with a slightly
altered focus forget anything you've
heard about a nest Martin competitor
from Honda the project has reportedly
moved down market where it is the new
model will make liberal use of honda's
parts bin resulting in something called
super hybrid sports inside to say the
v10 is out and a 3.5 liter v6 hybrid
electric powertrain is in that would
give the new Honda sports car rating of
around 450 horsepower putting it in
direct competition with Toyota's
upcoming f th s hybrid sports car if
rumors are true it'll be built on an
aluminum chassis and get Honda's SH
all-wheel drive system with a
rear-mounted transaxle like that in the
Nissan GTR no word yet on a release date
but considering the project changes
we're expecting the new Honda sports car
to make its first appearance at the
tokyo motor show in 2011 and as always
if you hear a rumor and want to know
more about it hit us up send us your
questions to tips at fastened a wacom or
just drop them in the comments down
there or stalk us on facebook that's
facebook.com slash fast lane daily and
of course twitter tweedily dee ding
I don't know if that is a lot about does
for fast lane daily today I'm Derek D it
is a wednesday and you guys keep
gangster